Feature Film,
Released between 1999-01-01 and 1999-12-31
(Sorted by Popularity Ascending) : 
1.
Movie: Podziemny kr¹g
Genre: Drama            
Description: An insomniac office worker and a devil-may-care soap maker form an underground fight club that evolves into much more.
2.
Movie: Zielona mila
Genre: Crime, Drama, Fantasy            
Description: The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.
3.
Movie: Matrix
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi            
Description: When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence.
4.
Movie: Gwiezdne wojny: Czêœæ I - Mroczne widmo
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy            
Description: Two Jedi escape a hostile blockade to find allies and come across a young boy who may bring balance to the Force, but the long dormant Sith resurface to claim their original glory.
5.
Movie: Mumia
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy            
Description: At an archaeological dig in the ancient city of Hamunaptra, an American serving in the French Foreign Legion accidentally awakens a mummy who begins to wreak havoc as he searches for the reincarnation of his long-lost love.
6.
Movie: American Beauty
Genre: Drama            
Description: A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend.
7.
Movie: ¯ycie biurowe
Genre: Comedy            
Description: Three company workers who hate their jobs decide to rebel against their greedy boss.
8.
Movie: American Pie
Genre: Comedy            
Description: Four teenage boys enter a pact to lose their virginity by prom night.
9.
Movie: Ciemna strona miasta
Genre: Drama, Thriller            
Description: Haunted by the patients he failed to save, a monumentally burned-out Manhattan ambulance paramedic fights to maintain his sanity over three increasingly turbulent nights.
10.
Movie: Oczy szeroko zamkniête
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller            
Description: A Manhattan doctor embarks on a bizarre, night-long odyssey after his wife's admission of unfulfilled longing.
11.
Movie: Szósty zmys³
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller            
Description: A frightened, withdrawn Philadelphia boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
12.
Movie: Zakochana z³oœnica
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance            
Description: A pretty, popular teenager can't go out on a date until her ill-tempered older sister does.
13.
Movie: Szko³a uwodzenia
Genre: Drama, Romance            
Description: Two vicious step-siblings of an elite Manhattan prep school make a wager: to deflower the new headmaster's daughter before the start of term.
14.
Movie: Utalentowany pan Ripley
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller            
Description: In late 1950s New York, Tom Ripley, a young underachiever, is sent to Italy to retrieve Dickie Greenleaf, a rich and spoiled millionaire playboy. But when the errand fails, Ripley takes extreme measures.
15.
Movie: Kosmiczna za³oga
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi            
Description: The alumni cast of a space opera television series have to play their roles as the real thing when an alien race needs their help. However, they also have to defend both Earth and the alien race from a reptilian warlord.
16.
Movie: Mêska gra
Genre: Drama, Sport            
Description: A behind-the-scenes look at the life-and-death struggles of modern-day gladiators and those who lead them.
17.
Movie: Przerwana lekcja muzyki
Genre: Biography, Drama            
Description: Based on writer Susanna Kaysen's account of her 18-month stay at a mental hospital in the late 1960s.
18.
Movie: Notting Hill
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance            
Description: The life of a simple bookshop owner changes when he meets the most famous film star in the world.
19.
Movie: Przekleñstwa niewinnoœci
Genre: Drama, Romance            
Description: A group of male friends become obsessed with five mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict, religious parents in suburban Detroit in the mid 1970s.
20.
Movie: Magnolia
Genre: Drama            
Description: An epic mosaic of interrelated characters in search of love, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley.
21.
Movie: Ca³a ona
Genre: Comedy, Romance            
Description: A high school jock makes a bet that he can turn an unattractive girl into the school's prom queen.
22.
Movie: Supertata
Genre: Comedy, Drama            
Description: A lazy law-school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father.
23.
Movie: Œwiêci z Bostonu
Genre: Action, Thriller            
Description: Two Irish Catholic brothers become vigilantes and wipe out Boston's criminal underworld in the name of God.
24.
Movie: Dogma
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama            
Description: An abortion clinic worker with a special heritage is called upon to save the existence of humanity from being negated by two renegade angels trying to exploit a loop-hole and reenter Heaven.
25.
Movie: Austin Powers 2: Szpieg, który nie umiera nigdy
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: Dr. Evil is back and has invented a new time machine that allows him to go back to the 1960s and steal Austin Powers' mojo, inadvertently leaving him "shagless".
26.
Movie: eXistenZ
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi            
Description: A game designer on the run from assassins must play her latest virtual reality creation with a marketing trainee to determine if the game has been damaged.
27.
Movie: Toy Story 2
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: When Woody is stolen by a toy collector, Buzz and his friends set out on a rescue mission to save Woody before he becomes a museum toy property with his roundup gang Jessie, Prospector, and Bullseye.
28.
Movie: JeŸdziec bez g³owy
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Mystery            
Description: Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate the decapitations of three people, with the culprit being the legendary apparition, The Headless Horseman.
29.
Movie: Tarzan
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: A man raised by gorillas must decide where he really belongs when he discovers he is a human.
30.
Movie: Byæ jak John Malkovich
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy            
Description: A puppeteer discovers a portal that leads literally into the head of movie star John Malkovich.
31.
Movie: Piekielna g³êbia
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi            
Description: Searching for a cure to Alzheimer's disease, a group of scientists on an isolated research facility become the prey, as a trio of intelligent sharks fight back.
32.
Movie: Dziewi¹te wrota
Genre: Mystery, Thriller            
Description: A rare book dealer, while seeking out the last two copies of a demon text, gets drawn into a conspiracy with supernatural overtones.
33.
Movie: Blair Witch Project
Genre: Horror, Mystery            
Description: Three film students vanish after traveling into a Maryland forest to film a documentary on the local Blair Witch legend, leaving only their footage behind.
34.
Movie: 8 milimetrów
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery            
Description: A private investigator is hired to discover if a "snuff film" is authentic or not.
35.
Movie: Œwiat to za ma³o
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller            
Description: James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot while protecting an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain.
36.
Movie: Bardzo Dziki Zachód
Genre: Action, Comedy, Sci-Fi            
Description: The two best special agents in the Wild West must save President Grant from the clutches of a diabolical, wheelchair-bound, steampunk-savvy, Confederate scientist bent on revenge for losing the Civil War.
37.
Movie: Nie czas na ³zy
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama            
Description: A young man named Brandon Teena navigates love, life, and being transgender in rural Nebraska.
38.
Movie: Dosiêgn¹æ kosmosu
Genre: Biography, Drama, Family            
Description: The true story of Homer Hickam, a coal miner's son who was inspired by the first Sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father's wishes.
39.
Movie: Informator
Genre: Biography, Drama, Thriller            
Description: A research chemist comes under personal and professional attack when he decides to appear in a 60 Minutes expos on Big Tobacco.
40.
Movie: Cheerleaderka
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance            
Description: A naive teenager is sent to rehab camp when her straitlaced parents and friends suspect her of being a lesbian.
41.
Movie: Ten pierwszy raz
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance            
Description: A newspaper reporter enrolls in high school as part of research for a story.
42.
Movie: Afera Thomasa Crowna
Genre: Crime, Romance, Thriller            
Description: A very rich and successful playboy amuses himself by stealing artwork, but may have met his match in a seductive detective.
43.
Movie: Trzynasty wojownik
Genre: Action, Adventure, History            
Description: A man, having fallen in love with the wrong woman, is sent by the sultan himself on a diplomatic mission to a distant land as an ambassador. Stopping at a Viking village port to restock on supplies, he finds himself unwittingly embroiled in a quest to banish a mysterious threat in a distant Viking land.
44.
Movie: Cukiereczek
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Thriller            
Description: Three of the most popular girls at Reagan High accidentally kill the prom queen with a jawbreaker when a kidnapping goes horribly wrong.
45.
Movie: Zabójcza piêknoœæ
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Thriller            
Description: A small-town beauty pageant turns deadly as it becomes clear that someone will go to any lengths to win.
46.
Movie: Cz³owiek z ksiê¿yca
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama            
Description: The life and career of legendary comedian Andy Kaufman.
47.
Movie: Podwójne zagro¿enie
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery            
Description: A woman framed for her husband's murder suspects he is still alive; as she has already been tried for the crime, she can't be re-prosecuted if she finds and kills him.
48.
Movie: Superbohaterowie
Genre: Action, Comedy, Fantasy            
Description: A group of inept amateur superheroes must try to save the day when a supervillain threatens to destroy a major superhero and the city.
49.
Movie: Aligator - Lake Placid
Genre: Action, Comedy, Horror            
Description: Three people attempt to stop a gigantic crocodile, who is terrorizing residents in Black Lake, Maine.
50.
Movie: Sprawa honoru
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery            
Description: When the daughter of a well-known and well-respected base commander is murdered, an undercover detective is summoned to look into the matter and finds a slew of cover-ups at West Point.
