Feature Film,
Released between 2010-01-01 and 2010-12-31
(Sorted by Popularity Ascending) : 
1.
Movie: Incepcja
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi            
Description: A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster.
2.
Movie: Du¿e dzieci
Genre: Comedy            
Description: After their high school basketball coach passes away, five good friends and former teammates reunite for a Fourth of July holiday weekend.
3.
Movie: Wyspa tajemnic
Genre: Mystery, Thriller            
Description: In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.
4.
Movie: Harry Potter i Insygnia Œmierci: Czêœæ I
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy            
Description: As Harry, Ron, and Hermione race against time and evil to destroy the Horcruxes, they uncover the existence of the three most powerful objects in the wizarding world: the Deathly Hallows.
5.
Movie: Scott Pilgrim kontra œwiat
Genre: Action, Comedy, Fantasy            
Description: In a magically realistic version of Toronto, a young man must defeat his new girlfriend's seven evil exes one by one in order to win her heart.
6.
Movie: Ostatni w³adca wiatru
Genre: Action, Adventure, Family            
Description: Follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must master all four elements and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water Tribes and the Earth Kingdom.
7.
Movie: Czarny ³abêdŸ
Genre: Drama, Thriller            
Description: A committed dancer struggles to maintain her sanity after winning the lead role in a production of Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake".
8.
Movie: The Social Network
Genre: Biography, Drama            
Description: As Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, he is sued by the twins who claimed he stole their idea, and by the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business.
9.
Movie: Percy Jackson i Bogowie Olimpijscy: Z³odziej pioruna
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy            
Description: A teenager discovers he's the descendant of a Greek god and sets out on an adventure to settle an on-going battle between the gods.
10.
Movie: Miasto z³odziei
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller            
Description: A proficient group of thieves rob a bank and hold Claire, the assistant manager, hostage. Things begin to get complicated when one of the crew members falls in love with Claire.
11.
Movie: Kick-Ass
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime            
Description: Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a superhero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so.
12.
Movie: Jak wytresowaæ smoka
Genre: Animation, Action, Adventure            
Description: A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.
13.
Movie: Policja zastêpcza
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime            
Description: Two mismatched New York City detectives seize an opportunity to step up like the city's top cops, whom they idolize, only things don't quite go as planned.
14.
Movie: Serbski film
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller            
Description: An aging porn star agrees to participate in an "art film" in order to make a clean break from the business, only to discover that he has been drafted into making a pedophilia and necrophilia themed snuff film.
15.
Movie: RED
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime            
Description: When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin, former black-ops agent Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last-ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants.
16.
Movie: Mi³oœæ i inne u¿ywki
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance            
Description: In 1990s Pittsburgh, a medicine peddler starts a relationship with a young woman suffering from Parkinson's disease.
17.
Movie: Shrek 4
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: Rumpelstiltskin tricks a mid-life crisis burdened Shrek into allowing himself to be erased from existence and cast in a dark alternate timeline where Rumpelstiltskin rules supreme.
18.
Movie: Iron Man 2
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi            
Description: With the world now aware of his identity as Iron Man, Tony Stark must contend with both his declining health and a vengeful mad man with ties to his father's legacy.
19.
Movie: Starcie tytanów
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy            
Description: Perseus, a demigod and the son of Zeus, battles the minions of Hades and the Underworld in order to stop them from conquering Olympus and Earth.
20.
Movie: £atwa dziewczyna
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance            
Description: A clean-cut high school student relies on the school's rumor mill to advance her social and financial standing.
21.
Movie: Zapl¹tani
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: The magically long-haired Rapunzel has spent her entire life in a tower, but now that a runaway thief has stumbled upon her, she is about to discover the world for the first time, and who she really is.
22.
Movie: Alicja w Krainie Czarów
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy            
Description: Nineteen-year-old Alice returns to the magical world from her childhood adventure, where she reunites with her old friends and learns of her true destiny: to end the Red Queen's reign of terror.
23.
Movie: Nie opuszczaj mnie
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi            
Description: The lives of three friends, from their early school days into young adulthood, when the reality of the world they live in comes knocking.
24.
Movie: Naznaczony
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller            
Description: A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further.
25.
Movie: Blue Valentine
Genre: Drama, Romance            
Description: The relationship of a contemporary married couple, charting their evolution over a span of years by cross-cutting between time periods.
26.
Movie: Jutro bêdzie futro
Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi            
Description: A malfunctioning time machine at a ski resort takes a man back to 1986 with his two friends and nephew, where they must relive a fateful night and not change anything to make sure the nephew is born.
27.
Movie: Tron: Dziedzictwo
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi            
Description: The son of a virtual world designer goes looking for his father and ends up inside the digital world that his father designed. He meets his father's corrupted creation and a unique ally who was born inside the digital world.
28.
Movie: Pogorzelisko
Genre: Drama, Mystery, War            
Description: Twins journey to the Middle East to discover their family history and fulfill their mother's last wishes.
29.
Movie: Fighter
Genre: Action, Biography, Drama            
Description: Based on the story of Micky Ward, a fledgling boxer who tries to escape the shadow of his more famous but troubled older boxing brother and get his own shot at greatness.
30.
Movie: Jak ukraœæ Ksiê¿yc
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: When a criminal mastermind uses a trio of orphan girls as pawns for a grand scheme, he finds their love is profoundly changing him for the better.
31.
Movie: Prawdziwe mêstwo
Genre: Drama, Western            
Description: A stubborn teenager enlists the help of a tough U.S. Marshal to track down her father's murderer.
32.
Movie: Ksiêga ocalenia
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama            
Description: A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind.
33.
Movie: Noc w Rzymie
Genre: Drama, Romance            
Description: A hotel room in the center of Rome serves as the setting for two young and recently acquainted women to have a physical adventure that touches their very souls.
34.
Movie: Toy Story 3
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: The toys are mistakenly delivered to a day-care center instead of the attic right before Andy leaves for college, and it's up to Woody to convince the other toys that they weren't abandoned and to return home.
35.
Movie: Robin Hood
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama            
Description: In twelfth-century England, Robin Longstride and his band of marauders confront corruption in a local village and lead an uprising against the crown that will forever alter the balance of world power.
36.
Movie: Megamocny
Genre: Animation, Action, Comedy            
Description: Evil genius Megamind finally defeats his do-gooder nemesis, Metro Man, but is left without a purpose in a superhero-free world.
37.
Movie: Bez litoœci
Genre: Horror, Thriller            
Description: A writer who is brutalized during her cabin retreat seeks revenge on her attackers, who left her for dead.
38.
Movie: Salt
Genre: Action, Thriller            
Description: A CIA agent goes on the run after a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy.
39.
Movie: Jak zostaæ królem
Genre: Biography, Drama, History            
Description: The story of King George VI, his impromptu ascension to the throne of the British Empire in 1936, and the speech therapist who helped the unsure monarch overcome his stammer.
40.
Movie: Cop Out: Fujary na tropie
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime            
Description: Jimmy's rare baseball card is robbed. Since it's his only hope to pay for his daughter's upcoming wedding, he recruits his cop partner Paul to track down the robber, a memorabilia-obsessed gangster.
41.
Movie: Pozwól mi wejœæ
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror            
Description: A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.
42.
Movie: Ujrza³em diab³a
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama            
Description: A secret agent exacts revenge on a serial killer through a series of captures and releases.
43.
Movie: Ksi¹¿ê Persji: Piaski czasu
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy            
Description: A young fugitive prince and princess must stop a villain who unknowingly threatens to destroy the world with a special dagger that enables the magic sand inside to reverse time.
44.
Movie: Dziennik cwaniaczka
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family            
Description: The adventures of a 12 year old who is fresh out of elementary and transitions to middle school, where he has to learn the consequences and responsibility to survive the year.
45.
Movie: Seks w wielkim mieœcie 2
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance            
Description: While wrestling with the pressures of life, love, and work in Manhattan, Carrie, Miranda, and Charlotte join Samantha for a trip to Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates), where Samantha's ex is filming a new movie.
46.
Movie: Wszystko, co dobre
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery            
Description: David Marks, a real estate scion, is suspected of killing his wife Katie, who disappeared in 1982.
47.
Movie: Wybuchowa para
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: A young woman gets mixed up with a disgraced spy who is trying to clear his name.
48.
Movie: Dru¿yna A
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller            
Description: A group of Iraq War veterans look to clear their name with the U.S. Military, who suspect the four men of committing a crime for which they were framed.
49.
Movie: Burleska
Genre: Drama, Music, Musical            
Description: A small-town girl ventures to Los Angeles and finds her place in a neo-burlesque club run by a former dancer.
50.
Movie: Saga 'Zmierzch': Zaæmienie
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama            
Description: As a string of mysterious killings grips Seattle, Bella, whose high school graduation is fast approaching, is forced to choose between her love for vampire Edward and her friendship with werewolf Jacob.
